to the right is that there is a sign there in
road
but there's only one sign on your right
montini because you do not smoke
no smoking
that's where it happens
to the bullet but if you do not know how to park
it is spent more for ass
look again with him
seriously
there is chaos
do not leave do not leave these people
and it did not arrive
Y
good and today
but God
and
Over there
in this match
and this topic
taken
the comic
a gun that tries to do this
as long as you have a helicopter
change of site
but it is that it has crashed
bad starry arts
to luck to see what bad luck
it does not go through my balls, we send
4 pay and piero to 22
where the forefoot bartolo
Y
and cannon fodder
that I am clear that he is here